翻译导入映射 (#1749)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/scripting/modules/import-map.md

}
```

This is consistent with **alias mapping** except that `"bar/"` specifies the directory we want to map to.

This way the modules in the project can all refer to the directory as `import {} from 'bar/...' ` to refer to modules in the directory `bar-1.2.3`.

For example:

```ts
import * as baz from 'bar/baz';
import * as quux from 'bar/qux/quux';
```

`'bar/baz'` will be resolved to the module `<project>/assets/lib/bar-1.2.3/baz.ts`<br>`'bar/qux/quux'` will be resolved to the module `<project>/assets/lib/bar-1.2.3/qux/quux.ts`.

### TypeScript configuration

> TypeScript does not support import maps, which can lead to errors when using it, so we need additional configuration to tell the TypeScript type checker additional module resolution information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeScript does not support import maps, which can lead to errors when using it. Additional configuration to tell the TypeScript type checker additional module resolution information.
```

> For example, in the two examples above, you can configure the [paths](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#paths) field in the `tsconfig.json` file in the project directory (if you don't have the field, you can add it yourself), as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the two examples above, the [paths](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#paths) field can be configured in the `tsconfig.json` file in the project directory. If this field is not present already, add it. Example:
```

```json5
// tsconfig.json
{
    "compilerOptions": {
        "paths": {
            // Note: the relative path here is relative to the path where tsconfig.json is located
            // Since tsconfig.json and import-map.json are in the same directory in this example, the relative paths here are similar.
            "foo": ["./assets/lib/foo"],
            "bar/*": ["./assets/lib/bar-1.2.3/*"]
        }
    }
}
```

> For more information about import maps features, please refer to [Import Maps](https://github.com/WICG/import-maps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about import maps features, please refer to the [Import Maps](https://github.com/WICG/import-maps) documentation.
```

## Support

> Cocos Creator supports all features in [Import Maps Draft Community Group Report, 12 January 2021](https://wicg.github.io/import-maps/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cocos Creator supports all features in [Import Maps Draft Community Group Report, 12 January 2021](https://wicg.github.io/import-maps/) standard.
```
